1. Array Assistant Formula Generator

1.0 Intro:
The Formula Generator is a tool that allows you to create a formula
simply by describing what you need said formula to do. It takes written
commands and turns them into ready-to-use formulas that can be copy and
pasted into the spreadsheet of your choice!

1.1 Basics:
    a. Services - The output will depend on which service you are using. There
                  are two major spreadsheet services, Microsoft Excel and google
                  Sheets, and you should identify which one you are using. Once 
                  you have done so, simply click the button that matches you service.
                  These buttons can be found above the input area and are labelled 
                  accordingly,
    b. Input - The input is important as it is what your formula will be generated
               from. You simply want to tell it what it is creating a formula to do,
               and nothing more. Do not use any normal grammar, and do not form 
               complete sentences. Describe your variables how you need them and be 
               concise and to the point. 
               For example, if I wanted to calculate 'A' plus 'B', I would input the
               phrase "calculate A plus B". This would give the desired result. For 
               more information, see section 1.8 Examples. 
    c. Output - The output section is where your result will appear. It will only 
                output the formula, beginning with the '=' character. This section allows
                for you to simply copy and paste the formula from the generator into
                the spreadsheet that you are currently creating.

1.2 Examples:
To provide some context for what a good prompt will look like, below are some example
prompts and the respective outputs that they will return. 
    a.
    b.
    c.

1.3 Help:
If you have experienced a quick issue, there are a few things that you can
do to resolve the issue. 
    a. First, try refreshing the page. This often fixes a lot of browser specific issues
       and, as our product is still in Beta, we have not tested on each and every browser.
       Remeber, if you have types out a long prompt, copy your prompt so that you can paste
       it right back into the input once the page refreshes!
    b. If issues still persist, feel free to contact us at [INSERT CONTACT EMAIL HERE]! We 
       normally respond to issues within 1-2 business days. 

